The Fair License (TFL) 1.1

THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS SOURCE CODE ARE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT LAW AND 
INTERNATIONAL TREATIES. YOU ARE ALLOWED TO MODIFY AND DISTRIBUTE THIS SOFTWARE 
AND ITS SOURCE CODE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR ANY NON-COMMERCIAL, NON-PATENT, 
AND NON-PRIVATE PURPOSE, PROVIDED THAT:

1. You must use the same license for the modified or distributed version of the 
software as the original version.

This requirement ensures that any modified or distributed versions of the 
software are subject to the same terms and conditions as the original version. 
It prevents users from creating modified or distributed versions of the 
software that are subject to different or more permissive terms and conditions, 
which could undermine the restrictions and protections established by the 
original license.

This requirement also helps to preserve the integrity and consistency of the 
software and its license. It ensures that users who receive a modified or 
distributed version of the software know exactly what their rights and 
obligations are, and that they are not confused or misled by different or 
conflicting terms and conditions.

In order to comply with this requirement, you must include a copy of the 
license with the modified or distributed version of the software, and you must 
clearly indicate that the software is being distributed under the same license 
as the original version. You may also need to include a notice or disclaimer 
stating that the software has been modified or altered, and identifying the 
nature and extent of the changes.

2. You must include the original name of the software in the name of your 
modified or distributed version, if you distribute an remarkably unmodified 
version of the software.

The purpose of this requirement is to ensure that users of your modified or 
distributed version of the software are aware of the original software and its 
contributors. It also helps to protect the reputation of the original software 
and its contributors by ensuring that they are not associated with any modified 
versions of the software that might have issues or problems.

For example, if you distribute a modified version of a software program under a 
different name, it could be confusing to users and might lead them to believe 
that the modified version is a completely different program. By using the same 
name, users can easily identify the relationship between the original software 
and your modified version.


THIS LICENSE DOES NOT GRANT YOU ANY RIGHTS TO USE ANY TRADEMARKS, SERVICE 
MARKS, TRADE NAMES, OR LOGOS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS SOURCE CODE.

THIS LICENSE DOES NOT IMPLY ANY WARRANTY OR LIABILITY ON THE PART OF THE 
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS.


DEFINITIONS

"Software" means the original software and its source code, as well as any 
modified or distributed version of the software.

"Source code" means the preferred form of the software for making 
modifications, including any comments, documentation, and other materials that 
relate to the software.

"Modified version" means any version of the software that has been modified or 
altered, either directly or indirectly, by you or any other person or entity.

"Distributed version" means any version of the software that has been 
distributed or made available to others, either directly or indirectly, by you 
or any other person or entity.

"Non-commercial purpose" means any use of the software that is not intended for 
or directed towards commercial advantage or monetary compensation.

"Non-patent purpose" means any use of the software that does not infringe any 
patent or other intellectual property rights.

"Non-private purpose" means any use of the software that is not solely for the 
benefit of a single individual or entity.

"Original name" means the name of the software as it was originally created and 
distributed by the copyright holders or contributors.

"Trademarks" means any trade names, service marks, logos, or other distinctive 
symbols or indicia associated with the software or its source code.

"Copyright holders" means the individuals or entities that hold the copyright 
to the software and its source code.

"Contributors" means the individuals or entities that have made contributions 
to the development of the software or its source code.
